
1. About

jclazz - a set of utilities for manipulating Java class files. Further this set will
         be extended by additional utilities.
         Currently it includes:
 * Java Class Info - produces all information about Java class in text mode
 * Java Decompiler - produces source file from Java class that is nearly the
                           same as it was written originally
Version 1.1 is tested on sun compiler (javac) supplied with JDK 1.4 and 1.6.
A set of supported compilers will be extended further with Jikes, EJC, GCJ an others.


2. Requirements

As jclazz written in interpreted language (Java), it requires installed JRE or JDK
on your machine. Required version - 1.4 and higher.
To use provided scripts for running applications you need JAVA_HOME environment set.


3. Invokation

You can use provided scripts to run applications. All utilities support command-line interface. 
GUI interface is also available.
To run Java Class info execute: java -classpath ./jclazz-core.jar ru.andrew.jclazz.core.infoj.InfoJ 
To run Java Decompiler execute: java -classpath ./jclazz-core.jar;./jclazz-decomp.jar ru.andrew.jclazz.decompiler.ClassDecompiler
To run jclazz GUI execute: java -jar ./jclazz-gui.jar or simply double click on jar file jclazz-gui.jar

4. Reporting bugs

In case of finding bugs (utils doesn't work correct) you can report it on project
home page - jclazz.sourceforge.net (or http://sourceforge.net/project/jclazz).
The following information is needed for resolving bugs:
 - Description
 - jclazz package version
 - JRE version used to run utils
 - Compiled Java class
 - Output files produced by utility (optionally)
 - Expected output (optionally)
Before reporting bugs please read Release Notes to find out what features are
supported and view project's web page to see if this bug was already posted.

5. Feature/Change Request

You can submit proposal for new features and changes of existing version. Please 
provide full description of your proposal on project home page - 
jclazz.sourceforge.net (or http://sourceforge.net/project/jclazz).

6. Joining jclazz project

jclazz project is created and maintained by Andrew Dmitriev (me). If you wish to join
project (with your suggestions) please send e-mail to me. All contact information
can be found at jclazz.sourceforge.net